Now you’re stuck cause you've fallen in love  and love is love though not  enough.  

Like two parallels in a parallel stride,  us, we wouldn’t ever collide  maybe it was the earthquake or, my drowning  in wine  but my path  distorted  and I,  no more  a Straight line.  

Oh my! A minefield we’ve stepped into with a simple  Hi!  

The fire in her the ice in me  this dance seems fated to be.  

If you can’t handle her chaos, how can you handle  the world full of chaos  for her?  

Not a magician, but I know a trick or two.  Gaze into my eyes my dear, I'll make the world disappear,  now it’s just me  and you.  

This girl, she cast no shadow of dark  for she was fire, her eyes  little sparks.  

As the sun and moon, their match, a splendid eclipse  for the world watched standing still.  9  Motionless  as anchored ships.  

Looking through your eyes I see, the stars staring back at me.  Worlds apart we may be  but fit so damn  perfectly.  

For all the places we didn’t fit through,  maybe, I was custom made  for you.  

Drunk on words, high on love, craving,  your magic touch.  Between the sheets, our battlefield that ecstasy,  our shot of love.  

Please don’t ask me to open up  if you can’t make  my monsters  stop.  

I’ve been a fool orice, it’s true  I'll be a fool twice, for you.  Ht Wolves

In a world full of quotes and memes she hit me  like poetry.  

Se  For I wasn’t familiar with both I cannot promise you the moon and stars.  But, what I could do  is  let you in on my stories let you in  on my scars.  

Just as I, she repeats a song  a million times searching for  those butterflies.  

Sure there are a lot of fishes in the sea  but you’re the one special to me.  

She’s out of her mind and into  mine.  

Sen Sgt oot stp |e  recht nea aN PH SIGS? LEM RON:  ene taenllen Peat TAME 2 NE  Close your eyes darling, in a club, in a bar, in a train.  Let the world move around you, while you, just pause.  While you feel the lights flicker by you.  As if time, halted;  an infinite in a finite.  While you, just, let, go; as if life is a music, of a trance turned slow.  Where, a moment  is all there is, and that moment is all you need.  And you : take the moment by the back of its neck and kiss  the hell out of it.    pee cospemrecmeguen pm che career treet

Sit by me, and the rest,  we'll see..  

moonless skies  and I'll be here too far away  while you shall live  a thousand lives.  

Your words, your mind my embroidery  when I found you, I felt I found  me,  

You bring out the best of me  unfazed  by the rest of me.  

Invited party, all alone, there you are, staring at your phone. —  Maybe the music’s, just too loud,  maybe this, just ain’t your crowd.  Round and round the bottle goes,  bar full of people, room full of smoke.  Bored, you stand, up to leave; there, his friends, you see him.  He catches your glance, gives you a smile,  maybe staying, would be worthwhile.  You decide to stay, a minute or two, maybe he, would just come through. Corner eye, without a doubt,  looking at you, not rest of the crowd.  Pretend to not look, you look away, contagious smile, oh such a sway. In your mind, in your head, reciting, the words you'd say.  No one comes, you look around, you look at him, he isn’t there, You make your way  48  epee retin amen a

een ence lt ear  2  » ute. fata nce se mmenalnaguacjfntmrpeneep cathe sbi « Zam nmeatonm fone tani -  preneritg  shncuemrsenscer one staaniatvct rich nnn atbe lian:  sac epampninneere t  see encores     arte ene ne pipe ethan str ks adnate serene  eager ag ett in ented ABy eaten bonne nt inne     Let’s be real, we can both find someone new.  cause I’ve been out of love, just as you.  but something new, ain’t something true.  Pll hold, just cause, they ain’t  someone you.  

through the bunch, to make the most, of moments gone,  Oh the roof, and its back door, you push it open, the smell of smoke.  He’s having a joint, and offers you some, the setting sun, time goes numb.  Leather jackets, wayfarer shades, laughing out loud, you just don’t care.  This isn’t love, no not yet, feels more like, a drunk duet.  You both are high, it’s all a haze,  the day is through in all the right ways.  

There are ones you tell stories to  and there are ones you build  stories with.  

I see you, the child in you.  one who is hurt, who is afraid, who is seeking help.  crying, the best they can  through rage, through ways how you self-destruct.  hurting yourself  and the ones closest to you, just so  they would fucking listen  but,  it’s as if,  you don’t have the right words, as if,  you don’t even speak the language they’d understand  and you don’t wanna be this,  monster  whose monstrosity overpowers you.  You wish to be kind,

Disappear into my skin, and set a wildfire  from within.  

Love, it makes you do all the stupid little things.  But maybe life is about collecting  stupid little souvenirs.  

you wish to be good,  You wish to be, you.  but the monster, it keeps pushing life away  and left alone, you drift, “you drift towards  your greatest weakness”.  Last verse inspired by Dr. Jordan B Peterson  

He was the calm before the chaos  she was the chaos  the rain serene and everything,  in between.  

..and they fall like drops of rain  with nothing to hold onto but each other  yet again.  

Leave the lights on, just so  I can find my way home.  A good navigator  I  have never been;  but Ill remember every trace, trail, road  on your skin.  

Breathe into me, as if life was a breath.  as if breath  released the stories you’ve kept.  

Pauses Pause.  Pause while reading, poetry.  the commas the stops the change of lines  are attempts at the art of time  maybe not all poetry but at least  use  the pause in mine.  

Days are numbered 1 and 2  but months fly away  when I’m with you.  

Fr Se  I was lost, I still am but with you,  I don’t mind.  

I had a dream,  you were drowning,  I didn’t know  how to swim  Drowning with meds  round after round. we both, breaking  but only bottles made the sound  I stood helplessly beside your anxiety  a bystander in a shipwreck one half emptiness, the other  rooted sorrow  if only I could borrow pictures from tomorrow.  [had a dream, I didn’t know how to swim.  I still don’t but,  Tam trying.  

You are of Victorian glass  and I am made of stones  my hold shatters all I touch would holding you  be wrong?    For many eyes, maybe it would, but shattered I'd be with your hold and none's,  and every edge of my pieces would listen and shimmer as beautiful  as the sun kissed ocean.  / Jyotsna Yogi  But you shall break and so shall I  your shimmer shimmers

Open your eyes and give me  butterflies.  

High on each other, time slowed that night,  we weren’t bothered by the rain, neither were we  by your phone,  beeping ‘home’.  Cause us, we found ‘home’, in each other;  with kisses and words, as if a collision of universe.  She wanted to keep me, and felt she could love me;  asked if I did love her too, and I did,  I kinda did. 

Her poetry was codes  mine are lines  she typed I write she read I tried.  Seems,  it’s not about doing the same ol’ things,  it’s all about vibes and mutual dreams.  

My soul was wildfire, and she?  My gasoline.  

But love, it’s easy, either it’s love or  it isn’t,

Your knight moves in circles the queen is long gone  the bishop, drunk on Fridays the king can't carry on.  It is way  past your bedtime you're listening to this song  forever  chasing rainbows like the times  when we were young.  

It’s not about the type  if we vibe, we vibe.  

Of all in the world we could be  you are you,  and Iam me.   —

Unfazed whether heaven or hell is true  I just care there’s a today, a right now with me  and you  

sometimes we’re too fast, sometimes we’re too slow  maybe all we needed was some time to think,  to understand how we feel  but time, it’s such a bitch,  right?  

the best you’ll do is leave me  the worst you'll do is try  and we will reign on corpses  on corpses  of our lies.  

where,  the flower in the deserted land isn’t alone anymore.  1! Shrinkhala Khatiwada  The visions of a dying wish to dis-  assemble, in flames of abyss.  Darling, a rose among a thousand roses is still, a rose.  but if; you miss the water its gentle touch,  find me in the flames that engulfed you  because in trying,  it engulfed me too.  

This is about a girl with blueberry lips,  we were both broken looking for a fix,  ceramic halves spiralled in a mix  searching all lost and all ‘what ifs’  in each other, we looked  for pieces that fit.  but she wasn’t ‘her’ and I wasn’t ‘him’.  

Some things break in silence under a muffled cry for help,  not every storm is stormy until extracted from its shelf.  

I wish to live in those flashes  you remember  as if, looking back  from last moments  of December.  

Dodgy eyes hazy vibes  one word answers no surprise  I, apologize  for reasons I, do not know why  you, away, I, so blue  did you lose love or has love  lost you?  

Trust in love they say;  but trust is fragile, and love, it has a habit  of fading away.  Us,  waking up one day only to find  one of us  no longer here.  Gone with the promises of forever or until grey.  But right now, I know, none of it matters  anyway.  

I buried you in a song and a page to look for you  I dig those graves  

We made it grand as it could be  then suffered away  silently.  

I just wish we didn’t come with all these barbed wires  that this heart wasn’t heavy  and the mind wasn’t haywire.  

I believed you didn't exist,  that's how I kept my sanity.  Until I was strong enough  to give away my fantasy.  

Cry sweet lullabies your tears shall cloud the morning sky  and they shall rain and they shall fal]  for wolves have lost  their moon tonight.  

We are trouble, you and I, for the world and each other  shotgun and fireworks when it’s all over, “we” is the best  and the worst thing  that will have happened  to us.  

Why are we together yet so alone?  Cause one loves while the other  just plays along.  

You’re cold water I am that one beautiful flower on a deserted land.  You'd think we are a perfect match,  but, I’m scared of cold.  I want fire! Hot, passionate, ruthless burning everything around,  but me.  I'll rather risk burning all together.  would be amazing, wouldn’t it?  You and me together when I’m the brightest,  as the oxygen in  my veins make love to the  CO

Maybe time  will tell a story, maybe I,  won’t get its lines  perhaps we were done filling empty glasses of our wine  perhaps she’d fulfilled her purpose, and I, in her life. and I’d be just  a Stranger,  a stranger  she called mine.  

fire that you are.  I moan right before you engulf me  one last time a brief moment when the flame soars the sky  A few seconds of blinding brightness before I die out altogether.  a beautiful end to a troubled soul,  who wanted everything!  So please, forgive me,  if I reject your nurturing droplet.  Rather,  destroy me.  So that I can find myself in some other  world  Some other place

I’ call you heaven Pll call you hell Pll call you love PI call you light  Pll call you on your phone to wish your sleep goodnight I'll wish you even though  I won’t sleep that night  PI call you when I’m wrong and, when I’m right  but when I can’t, please, carry on  this fight  1! Wolves

Careful darling, bad boys look  a lot like perfect toys.  

Text

...but don’t ever take her lightly.  She has inhaled storms, and exhaled ashes.  For she was born  in the season of death; where everything withered, she drew  her first breath.  

what am I made of, for how will l ever know  if i don’t Break?  

With that soul she’s a prize  not just  for your open eyes.  Treat her like you won an auction  you ain’t the only one  with options.  

..and when the battles ceased  she was a broken  masterpiece.  

Peace and love, peace and love, forever peace and love,  I will be at peace, until you cry for blood.  To thrive, sometimes darling, one has  to be furled,  as a big bad wolf in a big bad world.  

Lips of an angel, tongue of a wolf  words cut like razors bled only good.  Words no more hurt pain doesn’t stay.  All that put us down  made us stronger every way.  

and now you’re just a myth, someone she should have been     with.  

Cut out purple hearts when blood is green to me.              It’s a goodbye darling  when you're not that into me.     

Lipsticks and gunpowder  she’s stunning but  her soul’s louder. /! Wolves

Be someone they’d be crazy to leave, you’ll rarely be  the one to grieve.  

a  ‘Thick skin, thin patience’ it’s hard to hurt me but won’t put up  with your bullshit.  

We're not at loss if we lose each other  but we both shall thrive if we team up  together.  

I chose you day after day until you chose  to walk away.  

Now you’ve got to choose you see, it’s your pride  or  it’s me.  

ye  You left a fire in me, and I  set my world on it.  

Predators look  for prey my dear  not  other predators that’s clear Thus, you’ve got a choice at hand to be a prey  or take a stand.  

Expect weakness, and  she’ll disappoint you.  

Let's do a magic trick  since you pretend like I don’t exist,  I won't.  This  is no hunt.  Here,  we don’t chase things  that don’t want to be caught.  

She’s a wildflower; she doesn’t need consent to grow.  Through the storm, she smiles  at rainbows.  

Riddle me this,  you say you'll leave me but  what will I miss?  

Look at how  the tables turn, you're put out  and I still  burn.  

Replace me, like batteries your cigarette scars, those ashy dreams  your tattoos fade,  with dying strings yet there you are,  still looking for  another me,  in another skin.  

Do not shield me,  dear father, give me a sword, so that I may fight,  beside you.  And if I lay, on my ruins, they shall be MY ruins, ones I  have earned.  For life, is one,  and the cost of not living one far exceeds  the cost of living it short.  Do not.rob me of my pain, for in pain, shall I be reflected my flaws,  my face.  Do not rob me  of my wars,  for alone and in wars, Tam truly myself.  Let me break and, unravel  myself,

fool me once, shame on you fool me twice, shame on you fool me thrice,  I’m gone for good.  

Is that all you are  emptiness of someone else?  

Text

All our lives, we try to be  ourselves.  

With ten thousand things on my mind, I had to leave  serenity behind.  

Up is not a one way street  thus keep the pride on a leash.  

Its claws spring from depths of hell, to bind us, to this existence, its duties, its obligations, as humans.  I don’t feel apathetic  but, there’s nothing I want nothing that could possibly make this existence desirable.  I am not seeking cessation of existence, but simply stating that I exist,  and there’s nothing more to it;  and someday, I won’t,  there’ll be nothing more to that, either.  In the midst of all this triviality I cannot find  what is not trivial,  I cannot find  what does not cause suffering.  Everything fleeing, I, fade with it.  

Like a wheel  or a sphere spinning so fast that it seems static,  motionless.  The numb we feel, maybe isn’t the lack of thoughts or feelings,  but  an excess of it.  

and we got caged by the walls  that we built  to protect  us.  

Decipher me like  poetry.  

Thus destiny, is ought to be, what I build,  with, what’s given to me.  /! Wolves

Sanity is a thin line we walk on  taking it for granted.  

and we became slaves  of the things we were afraid  to lose.  

My little girl  to win the world we've got to win ourselves  first.  

Understand I’m trying to do the best I can  but I too am just a man.  1! Wolves

Ones as you are differently carved  a masterpiece an artefact,  lost in this junkyard.  /f Wolves

Life demands more of me don’t know how long will it be  before I  get to see  my own lights and empty streets  bustling days and silent nights  we understood each other this city and I.  

I believe what will be will be but I don’t believe in destiny.  One might stay in misery, . believing that’s their destiny.  a relationship,  whose ship has sailed, yet they live  in fairy tales.  Or get stuck in life somewhere, unable to give an actual care;  to dwell in name of destiny, as if one knows  what’s meant to be.  Destiny, “destined to be”, the destinations  dust for me;  Slowly shaping, molding me, to build a city left Incomplete,  Incomplete, completely free, almost Completely upto me.

It’s not a part of you to love, “your anxiety”.  Thus, I do not love your anxiety.  I love the part in you  that’s fighting it.  Whatever you love grows,  right?  

Between _ who we are / who we want to be  what's expected of us and all we needed to see;  we kinda lost our way,  didn't we?  

One can take the path of hell  if they choose  but, you don’t have the right to take  anyone with you.  

Billions of years;  stars, planets, galaxies were what it took to make you and me  So don’t EVER take yourself as just a string cause  everything is a result of  everything.  

_— # Bebe tent i, LL *  Lend me a rose, carve on my stone  touch my breath and leave me a lone  cut my scars, wish me gone  for we shall live and die  like Rome.  /! Wolves

How far did you get? cause all you did  Was Tun.  H! Wolves

Do you want her happiness or do you want  her?  

Where does their shadow end and where does  life begin?  

We seek to be the perfection  we pretend to be.  

Cause life exists in the moment,  comprises of nothing  but moments.  

Spending the day with a book and two flies  that don’t know the way out  and neither do I.    SET ale Ne AD SEE TE REPT ay ag ee ee

You are alone, always alone and everyone you love  will abandon you  one way or the other  matter of fact, even you will leave your self once day  you are left not because something is wrong with you or that people are bad  or wicked  but, mostly because the situation calls for it;  that, is part of this existence.  and if you fear abandonment, you’ll forever be fearful  if your roots stand upon attachment your construction will forever tremble  if you seek permanence, darling, not even the earth we stand on  is permanent thus, live  knowing this impermanence,  164

A life flew by wondering what to be  in life.  

| do not know what’s love  neither do I know what’s life  but darling we get a hunch  of what it’s not,  right?  

Sate . ey: ‘* vt        The moments you remember are drunk moments thus,  you don’t remember them.  / 1 Wolves

It’s easy ! for children to make friends because they haven’t learned the dark art of judgement  self-consciousness. What stifles us is not that we judge someone else  but that we judge  ourselves,  H/ Wolves

Hush little monsters the devil plays his flute  all you'll be is a memory  when he’s done  with you.  1 Wolves

Sit down and talk to me  tell me how your life has been  light a blunt or roll a three  this is just  too sad to see  dear strangers, this I know we’re a crowd,  yet, we’re all  alone.  

Paper cuts and breadcrumb trails, building boats  with broken sails.  Collecting stones, straw and bones  we light a fire  for a hunt not here.  

Lost in order in order to survive.  Part of humanity is being preoccupied  with one's own life.  

The grass is always greener on the other side;  you, your life, at times is, for me, the other side,  just as maybe I am that  for you.  

Maybe someday we’ll better understand  maybe we’ ll find ‘life’s better plans’.  Didn’t want to break you, hate me if you need to  between all said and unsaid  I hope you have a great life, up ahead.  

Could hell be considered hell if you found bliss  in abyss?  

atid love, understanding  we are here, we exist, when it'd be easier, so much easier  to not exist.    165

oe ge eee SeaaRiGaanaisniniaSeaAOST eS ment See ee eee SE CCR ee 2 ee ce — rn              Paint the sky purple I will not know Turn the lights red, I will still go.  No use in trying and moulding me I see the world  a bit  differently,  | Colorblind  

A peace of mind for a piece of mine.  Seeking peace of mine for this piece  of time. 

Places and people don’t stay as memories  a ,     as feelings.     

Wat we ate as a ubslaes wotinad  &  Oy vadaties,  WO We Can be Ss a Nossibility ammbrced

T have no right,  to envy you  if I can’t work  as much as you  or go through things,  that you’ve been through.  

It’s not trust issues baby, I have one foot on reality  If, one’s both feet are on the clouds  one is bound  to fatality.  

Hungry bones, broken homes, solaces unsent.  Empty words ruling birds promises unmeant.  Claw marks screams in the dark tyranny unbent.  Who is to blame for the shame  when need exceeds what’s met?  

Wise old mind naive little heart stuck between  life and art.  What should he do where should he go  to find the bits  of his wondering soul?  

We dance with the devil, subscribe to his deals,  then whine about  the burns we feel.  

Your story is not about you. It’s not about  that one other person or those few individuals  it’s about  all the stories  that parallels yours that converges  and diverges  to embrace that is to embody  meaning.  

From dust, to dust,  life exists in the in between  with ‘forever’ breathing where moments had been  hands of time, motionless  like a photograph of a movie scene.  | for grandpa  

7.4 billions of us 7.4 billion centres of universe  and we think there’s only one; while parallel paradoxes  parallelly goes on.  

a life to live and no fucks  to give.  

Wondering if you're a mirror  staring at my soul,  showing the parts of me shining as it’s gold.  Or are you a mirror  staring back at me  with all the hidden, broken, dark places to see.  Either way, I’m blessed to see  the different sides of me.  So tell me oh sweet mirror which one  will you be?  

Stuck with the fact there’s no forever life’s biggest humour or call it  whatever.       > 159 a ‘

She says I’m anxious, it will work out eventually  but me, I’m rather anxious  than subscribe  to mediocrity.  

Everything feels a little better  when you feel a little better.  

Souvenirs left behind, bottled gently  in the mind.       ;

Burning out, without a doubt with a sea of things to do  things, to attend to;  a thousand thoughts crammed in the mind,  while time it ticks on, undefined.  Us, creatures of limitation.  It’s not enough, rarely ever enough to be. To. Be.  Anxiety, time anxiety perhaps?  

What one believes about the world says a lot about them  than about the world. what we believe to be real, maybe is More,  our version of reality,  than reality itself.  

Gazing stars, silent rush  maybe this moment  it’s enough.  

... because in writing I can be me.  although,  there 1s nothing else to be.  

and I would read masterpieces  to know what masterpieces look like, would keep them so that the I  does remember  to not delude myself into mediocrity, into good, enough  for when it comes to art, good enough,  ain’t good enough  

Don’t hate  what you can’t  get.  

Trust your tribe but keep them fed,  when hunger kills, loyalty sheds.     

Revolving revolver in the mind have I fucked  up this life? or am [|  in the process  of fucking it up? 


